Well, alright, here we go again. Vimwiki and Captain's Log Par Deux: This Time
It's Personal. Tedious miscellany, a variety of process addictions, and a
frustrating roommate notwithstanding, I'd say things are pretty okay and we're
in business. This is good enough for now, now that I've abandoned or mitigated
attachment to fountain pens and paper and the perfect set of writing implements,
which was really never anything more than a primitive means of avoiding writing
altogether. That isn't to suggest it was a wholly fruitless endeavor, only that
it wasn't particularly fruitful and I've no business playing those sorts of
tricks upon myself if I want to get anything done. So okay, that's good, knowing
better and doing better a little bit, one day at a time, one word after the
next, one day after the next, throwing human suffering and death at the goddamn
thing until it is done. 

So if I'm going to do this The Captains Log is obviously just to get the wheels
or the gears greased and or turning or whatever, setting an intention, reviewing
the days work, figuring out what the hell needs to happen and proceeding from
there. I need to get at least 2000 words a day in, and that will be more than
accomplishable given the complexion of the things I plan on working on this
week, which are: Life, etc... As such... 

I need to flesh out a part three of the whole life thus far thing over in the
writing subdirectory as a kind of "okay well this is where things are now," with
a kind of retrospective and contextualization for observations and discoveries
I've made lately. Ultimately it's a way to get the stuff out of my head and move
along, but it's also important to keep a record of things, and also it'll just
be a good place to start insofar as getting in the habit of writing daily or
whatever, since I have a lot to say on the subject. Go figure. I would not talk
about myself so much if there were any other subject which I knew so well. And
I'm sure it will help come up with ideas for other projects and stuff. 

Be wary of overthinking as a clever method of procrastination. That's a fucking
obvious pattern, which should be a little bit more obvious than it has been, but
how fucking fast do you want me to learn, asshole? And we are just under
five-hundred words so far, which is a good start to the day I guess, even if it
isn't particularly serious or captivating, I'm doing it for me and thats enough
for now. For the captains log I should take a view toward freewriting around
one-hundred words or so, on this, my third brain. 

And I don't call them 'pages' because I have a little bit of dignity left and
I'd like to protect it. Bizarre linguistic conga line nonsense notwithstanding,
it's like how many times can you read the same phrase or sentence before needing
to gouge your fucking eyeballs out? I mean Virginia Woolf, genius that she was,
uses the impersonal third-person "one" - oh let me count - five times in two
sentences, three times in one, who the fuck farted? How does one tell ones Uber
driver that one has shit ones breetches and has half of a dead cat in ones
carry-on? 

You can do better than that, way better. And so it's one of her idiosyncrasies,
but I simply cannot abide it, on a simple principle which I refuse to describe
but will defend as one does ones most cherished diarrhea of the face oh my
goodness. It's honestly not that bad and if I consider the context in which I
read her stuff, it's natural that I should be fucking infuriated. It's terribly
difficult to read at work - not that this stops me. I've the time for it and
that's excellent and a half. 

So on the subject of things that annoy me: if I turn my head while wearing these
headphones the music fucking pauses, and that's just not going to work out at
fucking all. Let me check if I can unfuck this. Nevermind, it's not that
important. How far along am I, maybe one-thousand words? Seven-hundred-nineteen.
A respectable start, and I am already sleepy, but that is the urge to fuck off
and do something else toying with me, don't procrastinate this shit motherfucker
writing has changed your life once before it can change it again and continue
changing it for the better if you let it so stop fucking around and let it this
music isn't good for this. So Zen music is better, I guess? IDK, there has to be
some instrumental stuff that works, I think I'm just getting annoyed and
distracted when I should be digging in and unfucking my brain. Once I reach
however many lines I want on this thing I'll go read the other life stuff and
get back to working on that since it's the project that's most... important,
IDK. They won't let me do anything else until I finish this so, whatever. It's
very simple to just write about what happened and what I thought and all that
good stuff, and if I'm lucky I'll find I'm less dysregulated and it's a more
productive endeavor than previously, where it was just thoroughly fucking me up.
Okay I know what I'm working on today it's time to move onto that instead of
getting lost in the weeds. I'm almost at one thousand words, I should at least
get to one thousand words so I know what that looks and feels and reads like and
then I can maybe check the timestamps on file creation or something? It'll be
the most recent commits, I guess. Where are we? Oh man twenty words to go, we're
almost there, the init commit was at 0810 and I started this sometime soon
thereafter which means one thousand words of Captains Log took about half an
hour, which isn't half bad. Okay, I can live with 1024.
